banax and was organized to
help children and their parents get together
prepare for the new school year and with
city ​​council on urban
marshmallow organized this event
allowed to collect here completely
child until September 1, in principle, but
as far as i see this what we offer
Yes, and I also see that other people
which are present there and things
which are necessary for children in the school year
so the possibility is in one place
collect a few representative ladies
various enterprises that could
provide
and people have a right to choose, and that is,
completely free competition
today you see we decided to arrange and
such a school fair to one place
parents were able to bring the child to school
from shoes to clothes
notebooks pens here this Atticus thanks
they agreed with the city
this
enterprise which itself
I asked for a new form
A little bit of the price of how to do and
correct and here for today
gather a girl school well you can somewhere
one hundred eighty five hryvnia that's today
in the morning pinching the acidity end
different is the form but you yourself is
touched 5 hryvnia and a little boy
less food 108 hryvnia very good
the shape of our bisping pen manufacturers
and notebooks that is all that is necessary in one
place parents bought we raise that
very seriously very difficult for people now
have to and collect Mink school
and children want to give our future and
all the best is the most beautiful and
So you decided to arrange this fair
The first time our city school bazaar
thanks to those who came thanks
entrepreneurs, I think that holiday
took us to the city ​​thanks all